# Journals!
This file serves as a record of my journals other than my lapse recordings.
## 17/03/2026 - 1
The first problem I faced while making this was the astable circuit not working at all. Whataver I did, I just couldn't get the oscillations to work. So this time, since i had a bit more time, I choose to ask Reddit! I found a few posts about astable circuits but I didn't really find a good enough circuit diagram so I talked to another person about it! They helped me figure out that the resistors might be the problem. So I tinkered around with the resistor and capacitor values until I got one astable which produced a constant oscillation and one more which had the weirdest pattern ever. The lapse for this part is recorded correctly! So I'll only note down the research time.\
Time Taken: 20 minutes
## 17/03/2026 - 2 
I quickly also made the bistable circuit and then encountered my second problem. I didn't know how to control the supply of power to either of the astable circuits. The first thing I tried was just connecting the bistable outputs into the astable inputs but that did not work for obvious reasons. The next idea i had was to use a transistor which was always on to oost the current of the bistable output but that also did not work for some reason. I then again went to google to see if I could find a similar circuit online. The reddit person I talked to asked me to try controlling the output instead of the input. I looked at a few example circuts and got to work using transistors again. The problem with this is that both the astables would be running constantly at the same time and that is kinda a bad use of electricity. And also connecting a transistor to the astable outputs made the circuit obsolete. So I still had the same problem with me. That's when I realised that the answer was pointing right at me! I should just use a transistor for the input but instead of sending the bistable outputs into the astables and using an external power supply to keep the transistor open, I should do the opposite! I connected the 5V to the transistor and used the bistable outputs to keep the transistor open! This worked well until the circuit kept breaking. So I added very high resistors so the transistor is still open without anything dying. The lapse for this is pretty good too I think so I'll only record research time.\
Time Taken: 25 minutes
## 17/03/2026 - 3
The PCB Schematic has really bad lapse recordings so I'll have to journal this part specifically. 
